You might find some of my favorite quotes, from Jesse Livermore, relevant. Who is Jesse Livermore (http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/J...)? He was one of the greatest stock speculators of all time; he made and lost a fortune trading on Wall Street, not once, but twice.

Here are some quotes:
People who look for easy money invariably pay for the privilege of proving conclusively that it cannot be found on this earth.
The average man doesn’t wish to be told that it is a bull or a bear market. What he desires is to be told specifically which particular stock to buy or sell. He wants to get something for nothing. He does not wish to work. He doesn’t even wish to have to think.
Regardless of experience; speculation can never be made 100 percent safe.
Wall Street professionals know that acting on “inside” tips will break a man more quickly than famine, pestilence, crop failures, political readjustments or what might be called normal accidents. There is no asphalt boulevard to success in Wall Street or anywhere else.
There isn’t a man in Wall Street who has not lost money trying to make the market pay for an automobile or a bracelet or a motorboat or a painting. I could build a huge hospital with the birthday presents that the tight fisted stock market has refused to pay for. In fact, of all hoodoos in Wall Street I think the resolve to induce the stock market to act as a fairy godmother is the busiest and most persistent.
It was not that all I needed to learn was not to take tips but to follow my own inclination. It was that I gained confidence in myself and I was able to finally shake off the old method of trading. From then on I began to think of basic conditions instead of individual stocks. I promoted myself to a higher grade in the hard school of speculation. It was a long and difficult step to take.
But I can tell you after the market began to go my way I felt for the first time in my life that I had allies; the strongest and truest in the world; underlying conditions.
Suppose a man’s line is five hundred shares of stock. I say that he ought not to buy it all at once; not if he is speculating. If he is merely gambling the only advice I have to give to him is, don’t.
I knew that unless I had sufficient trading capital I would not be able to use good judgement. Without adequate margins it would be impossible to take the cold-blooded, dispassionate attitude toward the game that comes from the ability to afford a few minor losses such as I often incurred in testing the market before putting down the big bet.
Old baron Rothschild’s recipe for wealth winning applies with greater force than ever to speculation: “I have found an easy way and I stick to it. I never buy at the bottom and I always sell too soon.”
I had learned a great deal about the game of stock speculation, but I had not learned quite so much about the play of human weakness. There is no mind so machinelike that you can depend on it to function with equal efficiency at all times. I now learned that I could not trust myself to remain equally unaffected by men and misfortunes at all times. A man must know himself thoroughly if he is going to make a good job out of trading in the speculative markets.
To learn that a man can make foolish plays for no reason whatever was a valuable lesson. It cost me millions to learn that another dangerous enemy to a trader is his susceptibility to the urgings of a magnetic personality when plausibly expressed by a brilliant man.
The big money is not in the individual fluctuations but in the main movements – that is, not in reading the tape but in sizing up the entire market and its trend.
Men who can both be right and sit tight are uncommon. I found it one of the hardest things to learn.
In investing, the return you want should depend on whether you want to eat well or sleep well.
If insiders don’t buy their own stocks on recessions, who should? The absence of inside support is generally accepted as a pretty good bear tip.
His tactical needs were directed by his needs and by the minor currents that changed from day to day. In the stock market, as in warfare, it is well to keep in mind the difference between strategy and tactics.
The finest art is not to lose money. Making money in the stock market can be done by anybody.
A loss never bothers me after I take it. I forget over night. But being wrong – not taking the loss – that is what does damage to the pocketbook and to the soul.
There is a time to go long. There is a time to go short. And there is a time to go fishing.