WASHINGTON — Up to four million undocumented immigrants who have lived in the United States for at least five years can apply for a program that protects them from deportation and allows those with no criminal record to work legally in the country, President Obama is to announce on Thursday, according to people briefed on his plans.

An additional one million people will get protection from deportation through other parts of the president’s plan to overhaul the nation’s immigration enforcement system, including the expansion of an existing program for “Dreamers,” young immigrants who came to the United States as children. There will no longer be a limit on the age of the people who qualify. 

But farm workers will not receive specific protection from deportation, nor will the Dreamers’ parents. And none of the five million immigrants over all who will be given new legal protections will get government subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.

Continue reading the main story
RELATED COVERAGE

Govs. Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Rick Perry of Texas, at center and right, threatened possible legal action over President Obama’s pending executive action on immigration.Immigration Has Republican Governors Seething and Facing Practical Challenges NOV. 19, 2014
Ray Jose, 24, a Filipino whose parents brought him to America when he was 9, said his father, Ramon, cleaned houses and mowed lawns to send him to college.Deportation Reprieve May Exclude Parents of Young ImmigrantsNOV. 19, 2014
At a news conference in Australia on Sunday, President Obama implored Congress to pass a bill that addressed immigration.For Obama, Executive Order on Immigration Would Be a TurnaboutNOV. 17, 2014
A deported immigrant waiting to receive his belongings in January at an Air Force base in Guatemala City.News Analysis: Obama’s Immigration Plan Could Grant Papers to Millions, at Least for NowNOV. 15, 2014
A demonstration in front of the White House last  week in support of broad changes in immigration enforcement.Obama Plan May Allow Millions of Immigrants to Stay and Work in U.S.NOV. 13, 2014
These new details about the broad reach of Mr. Obama’s planned executive action on immigration emerged as he prepared to speak to the nation in a prime-time address on Thursday night. On Friday, the president is to travel to Las Vegas to rally public support for his plan in a state where Hispanics are a growing and politically powerful constituency.