"Next Please!"
I had never been to a reader before. Most of the tatoos I had were obvious, common occurences. As I waited in line with the others my eyes scanned the tatoos on my body.
On my right arm, the Anchor. A sign of strength and compassion. I had gotten this when I was 16 and had stood up to those thugs to defend my sister. I got the snot beat out of me, but stood my ground none the less. She never forgot that day.
"Next Please!"
The line moved forward as a solemn looking old man left the readers room ahead. His body was mostly clothed except his face, where 4 black tear drops fell from each eye. Signs of murder. I felt uneasy as he moved by me. People heavily clothed usually meant they wanted to hide their tatoos. To hide their past...
My eyes moved to my left shoulder. The celtic knot, a sign of inner peace and ancestory. I got that the day my grandfather died. I was always close with him, but he reasurred me on his death bed, he would always be with me. I think of him whenever I look at this tatoo.
"Next Please!"
The line moved forward again. I couldn't help but stare at the young woman waiting in front of me. No older then 21, her back was almost completely bare. This wasn't uncommon as many enjoyed showing off their tatoos. On her back were two massive angel wings, likely a comment on her tranquility or innocence. She must have had an important epiphaney at some point in her life, something that led her to change her lifestyle or faith.
Underneath the wings, was a large, tribal symbol lined across her lower back. Usually assocciated with animalistic urges, and the lower back was associated with promiscuity and lust...
I wonder which tatoo she got first...
"Next Please!"
The woman headed in to the room. I was next in line. I looked down at my bare chest, exposed by my sleaveless vest. The burning phoenix. My favourite tatoo. This appeared the day I asked my fiance to marry me. The love and passion we have for one another. She makes me feel immortal, unstoppable. I love her.
I am proud of my tatoos. Not one brings me shame and they remind me of the good life I have lived...
...but this new one...
"Next Please!"
The angel winged girl left the room, I knew it was my turn. As I entered the dark, musky room the reader sat before me. She was old, crippled and completely naked, with her body covered head to toe in tatoos. There was so many, I couldn't even make them out, she was like an black ink jungle, with wide dead eyes staring up at me.
"Show me" she whsipered.
The readers do not like being kept waiting. I took off my vest.
"It appeared last week." I said, turning my back to her. "I've asked around but, no one knows what it is."
I heard a deep inhale of breath as I revealed my bare back to her.
Worms....maggots....legless, bug like creatures covered my back. All portrayed as diving in and out of my skin. Biting holes into my back, all moving in one direction as if togther in one mind. All pointed towards the direction of my neck.
The reader pondered for a moment....
"Have you any sever guilt or anxiety of late?"
"No, none!" I responded, truthfully.
"Have you been injured or sick recently?"
"Some mild headaches is all" I replied.
"I'm afraid young man. I have seen this before. These are maggots, they represent a disease that is invading your body."
"A disease!?" I whimpered, turning around. "What do you mean? My body is ill?"
"Not your body" the reader replied, "No... your mind. This tatoo represents the day your mind began to slip. And as time goes on more and more of these maggots of the mind will appear on your back, as they travel up to your brain...."
I coud'nt respond, I couldn't even think. The reader continued...
"Once they reach your brain, these maggots will begin to devour it. I'm sorry to say...you will go insane. I cannot say exactly from what....schizophrenia or dementia most likely....but It is hereditary, and It is....inevitable."
"But I-"
"Next please!"