No one warned us about the changes that occurred around your 14th year of life. You would think it would be in all the history books that we've read, or an utter mention in health education. I always thought that they were symbols that people had chosen to put on themselves, to create a story of their past interwoven with their future.
I've seen the ones on my parents. My dad has this one on his upper forearm, a ferocious lion protecting his kin. The countless ones on my mother leave me mesmerized every time I see her. Then there's this pair that both of them have that complement each other, one pointing to the other whenever they kissed.
It never occurred to me that something would just materialize into existence like that on someone's body. They always seemed deliberately placed. A couple of my friends had theirs appearing around their birthday. Some as simple as their first and last initials. My friend Josephine's showed her love for nature with a random creature with black and white fur, with black patches surrounding its eyes.
My 14th birthday came and went. Nothing changed except for the increase in my height and muscle mass. My skin still had its natural tones. I started becoming more conscious about it as more and more of my friends began having their first ones appear. I waited, but time kept moving. Nothing seemed different, at first, but I could start seeing the stares from my friends, from the strangers, from my own family. The world stared at me, only to have myself stare back out in helplessness.
No one my age knew what to say. While they all discussed the dark complexions forming on them, I sat back and stared in envy. My parents said that sometimes it takes time. They still never told me why they never said anything about them before.
For months I waited, hoping for something to appear amongst the torment and names I started receiving from others. I'd wake up every morning and rush to the mirror, only to be miserable by breakfast. By the time I came back home, I wouldn't want to do anything else but get into my bed and sleep.
I glanced towards my clock and saw that it was 1:00am. An hour into my 15th birthday. I sighed and looked over to my mirror to see the same boy that existed just an hour back. I angrily stared at my arms, upset at myself for not having what others did. I knew it wasn't my fault, that sometimes it doesn't happen until the body is ready. But there must have been something I could have done, something that I have been doing that was stopping them.
As I flipped over in my bed to turn off the lights, I noticed something strange appear on my arm. A small line going from my right wrist, all the way down to my elbow, but it only flickered, and disappeared. It was enough though. I knew it was my first tattoo coming into existence. I should have been happier, but I knew that the first one was so important to ones life. It dictated a lot of what was to come, but as I caught the glimpse of mine, I knew that it would be the last tattoo I would have, and this time, of my choosing.