Nowadays it's an industry. Glorified fortune-tellers and old-fashioned crackpots, trying to tell us what it all means. In my opinion, humanity would have been better off if it had never started happening. All the tattoos did was tempt you to try and mess with the future. The worst part was they could never be wrong, because the way I saw it, they didn't actually mean a damn thing.
I got my first one at 7, at the altar, in front of everyone. A cross. I guess they thought it meant I was destined for seminary school or some shit, because after that we never missed a Mass. In the end, Father Matthias got 25 to life for kiddy fiddling, and I was the one who finally ratted on him. Funny how things turn out, huh?
The second one didn't come for a while, right about the time I thought I was finally in the clear. I had a long-term girlfriend by then, two or so years younger than me, nice girl. Her only mark was a pair of wings. A few months later she flew right out of my life with some asshole she met on craigslist looking for a one night stand, but that's not relevant to the story. We were visiting her sister and her husband, and that night we had all decided to go out barhopping. So I'm just sitting there, sipping on my drink, when a guy comes sprinting in like the Devil himself is coming for him. That's when it showed up. A single drop of blood. Now at this point I'm about ready to bug out, but for some reason I stayed. Maybe the same reason these things happen in the first place. Same reason when the cops finally showed up the guy opened up with the Glock under his shirt and paralyzed me from the waist down.
Today, as I grabbed the last of the beer out of the fridge, I noticed some black ink on my wrist. A grave, and a single flower. And that's when I realized. The tattoos aren't our future. They're what we fear we've become. They're everything we want to be, and everything we never dreamed off. There is a God, a cruel and merciless one, and all he's trying to do is give us a false sense of all this meaning something. And I can't fucking take it any more.
